[4.3.0] Add Limitation of SOAP to REST Feature (#8117)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/design/create-api/create-rest-api/generate-rest-api-from-soap-backend.md

# Generate REST API from SOAP Backend

!!! Warning "Limitations"

>     APIM supports only a limited set of capabilities with this feature. If you want to process complex WSDL/XML schema please refer [WSO2 Integration Studio documentation](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/4.2.0/integrate/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    APIM supports only a limited set of capabilities with this feature. If you want to process complex WSDL/XML schema please refer [WSO2 Integration Studio documentation](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/creating-artifacts/creating-an-api/).
```
